ready
hey guys I'm here again with my outfit
of the day worn multiple ways of course
and today is an Alfa done I'm so excited
about inspired by one of my favorite
Justin Bieber
and today I'm going to show you two
looks that are inspired by two of my
favorite music videos on his new album
and the first is as long as you love me
so the sorts that I'm wearing I actually
got from the thrift store they're
high-waisted very very very distressed
but I absolutely love them I got these
for $10 now if you don't have a thrift
store by you or flea market or a vintage
shop you could always find shorts like
this at someplace like an Urban
Outfitters or American Apparel or even
an H&M might have shorts similar to this
and my belt I got from forever 21
really cute natural color to go with the
whole ethereal romantic theme that you
definitely see in the as long as you
love me video it's a very Romeo and
Juliet inspired love story which is
where I got the inspiration for the
velvet this cream-colored poncho I got
from American Eagle and it's an amazing
piece not just for this music video
inspired outfit but also for a day to
day you can layer this on top of just
about any outfit for a little extra
warmth especially going into the fall
and winter month
underneath I have this little charcoal
colored lace tank top that I got in
Urban Outfitters just to kind of add a
feminine touch and then if your poncho
you know shows a little bit of skin you
can be completely covered underneath for
accessories I got this awesome ring from
Charlotte Russe it's like a knuckle ring
and it's kind of a fat rocker edge so
you know how Romeo and Juliet it's kind
of like a bad girl story but she's
really innocent at the same time so
that's kind of was my inspiration for
this ring it's super feminine a little
bit of rocker chic at the same time and
then my earrings these flower gem
earrings I also got from Charlotte Russe
feminine touch to the outfit I got these
nude platform heels from forever21 also
very feminine and I definitely like a
more chunky heel with a shorter short it
just kind of balances out the whole
entire look and that's my as long as you
love me outfit
my second look is inspired by boyfriend
and let me tell you boyfriend is one of
my favorite videos ever by Justin Bieber
they're just all hanging out in the
parking lot they have a little dance
party going the vibe is totally rocker
chic skater girl I even brought my
skateboard out for this look that's how
inspired I am so let's talk about my
outfit here I have the same shorts that
I was wearing for as long as you love me
but I changed it up a little bit by
adding this black studded belt that I
got from forever 21 and let me just talk
about my spandex underneath if you're
gonna be running around in shorts like
this that are distressed and kind of
short you can always throw on a pair of
spandex underneath and it's still really
trendy even in the fall you could throw
on a pair of leggings underneath my top
is from forever 21 also it's kind of got
that rocker chic dingy vintage vibe I
kept on the lace tank top that I have
for the other song inspiration just to
add some extra coverage because it is
kind of low-cut in the front for jewelry
I went totally rocker spiky which is a
huge trend this fall I have these spiked
rings
that I got from forever 21 and I have
this bracelet which is actually a
headband and I got this from Urban
Outfitters so you can wear it on your
head or on your wrist these earrings I
got from shop public
dot-com really super trendy but girly at
the same time and if you want to go
completely rocker chic I got this
cropped vest faux leather vest from Zara
and it was on sale for only $30 and my
outfit is completed by these awesome
wedge heeled sneakers with the velcro a
little leather thrown in there I
absolutely died when I found these shoes
they are amazing I got him at DSW on
sale also because I'm all about the
bargain but they're so comfortable it
doesn't even feel like I have a heel on
but they feel mighty super girly so
that's my boyfriend outfit
so now you've seen my beaver inspired
looks I had so much fun putting these
outfits together but I want to know if
there's an artist who inspires your
style so tweet to me at Ellicott hashtag
Ready Set and I'll see you guys next
time
you